# Design of Computer Systems 2. project - One-time pad algorithm on MIPS64 architecture

In the MIPS64 symbolic instruction language and using the EduMIPS64 simulator, write a program implementing a slightly modified, simplified **One-time pad algorithm**. One-time pad algorithm belongs to the category of substitution ciphers, and its principle for the purposes of this project will consist in replacing each letter of the message with another letter that is shifted in the alphabet by the value given by the corresponding letter of the encryption key. Consider a message consisting entirely of lowercase letters a-z and numbers 0-9. The encryption key with a fixed length of two characters will consist of the letters of the English alphabet a-z, which are periodically repeated over the individual characters of the message. Characters will be represented by their ASCII codes for encryption purposes. The encryption will take place in such a way that the message is read character by character from left to right, the first character of the key moves the read character forward, the second character of the key moves the character backwards. **If the digit is read, the encryption is finished** and the ciphertext is output as a result. The scrolling of characters is cyclic, i.e. if scrolling starts before the letter 'a' or after the letter 'z', it continues from the opposite end of the alphabet - see example below. **Characters other than a-z, 0-9 are not expected at the input** (you don't have to treat them specially). For example, it can be determined that if the read ASCII character has a value less than 97 (i.e. it is before the letter 'a'), it is a number (numbers are before letters in the ASCII table). **According to the above rules, your program must be able to correctly encrypt strings consisting of any combination of the listed characters**.